What should I opt for as my career path in Data Science?

Data Scientist, Data Engineer, Data Architect are all great titles of our time but what it is that really matters to you?
I believe everything is important and has the parts which keep you excited, and some parts which may keep you awake or working long sometimes. Don’t you agree? It is fine, please continue reading…
Rule of thumb:

As a rule of thumb, my answer to the question above is pick what really interests you, fascinates you or what you really like because only that is going to last long time, it will keep you energetic and enable you to give your maximum. Nevertheless, you might be already doubting this rule of thumb, which is pretty much fine, and that is one among the many reasons that I am writing this post. I think, I don’t need to mention the other reasons, as I assume you would be able to figure them out as you read along this article. 
To bring some clarity, let’s see what are those catchy terms and what do they actually mean ? what are the challenges and opportunities that are involved in such roles…
Data Science or Data Scientist: Using scientific approach to extract knowledge from data. The guy who is involved in doing that, or applying such scientific approach in his daily routine to extract the value from the available data for the business may be called a Data Scientist. The reason for this may be is the fact that some businesses might be using different job titles. 
Data Engineering or Data Engineer: Data Engineers enable the data scientist to do their jobs more effectively, hopefully. In other words, they are the guys who do all the dirty job to make the data science “sexiest job of the 21st Century”. So, in essence a data engineer transforms the data into useful format. 
Data Architecture or Data Architect: Everything that surrounds around the processes, policies, standards, rules, that dictate which data is collected and stored, how it is stored, integrated, and brought into use in the organisation systems can be considered as Data Architecture. 
Still not very clear; no worries, let’s break them down and then try to develop an understanding in a bottom up fashion:
So, the terms that we have discussed so far are:
Data: ,
Science: , 
Engineering: ,
Architecture:
